fix(nextjs): replace crypto-js with crypto-es, precompile and inline (#5024)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/rich-trees-smoke.md

---
'@clerk/nextjs': patch
---

> Vendor `crypto-js` dependency to avoid bundling issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to `crypto-es` and bundle the dependency to avoid downstream build issues
```
